hey everybody it's Jay here how's things
oh really how's things out there in this
crazy world we want to hear from you
about how eetu language makes you feel
more connected so we want you to make a
short little video of about 20 seconds
telling us just that how it makes you
feel more connected to the outside world
here are a few examples from our ytube
expert teachers hi I'm finally from e2
language and I'm stuck here at home in
Melbourne hello there
my name is Marie Claire I'm one of the
tutors here at e2 language only one my
name's David I'm an expert teacher here
at e2 language hi I'm Nia from Saudi
Arabia and I'm one of the student in
inter language hi I'm Cheryl from
Nigeria so do you it makes me feel very
connected hello everyone my name is
Rohit
and I'm from India I am an existing
student of e to language once you've
recorded your response upload your video
to Facebook or Instagram and use the
hashtag e to world and tag at e to
language over the next four weeks we're
going to be picking a few of these and
sharing them across our social media
platforms and then at the end we're
going to make a cool little mashup video
so please do send us through your video
and if you're preparing for your Pte or
IELTS or TOEFL IBT stick at it the
testing centers are starting to open up
and thank you very much I look forward
to seeing your videos
you